---
title: "One Year Derbyversary"
date: 07-01-2021
categories:
 - derbyversary
---

This month is my one year derby anniversary.  I've been skating in one
way or another for a good part of my life, but when I went to college
I stopped.  So before last year I hadn't skated in a good bit.  I also
didn't know men could play roller derby nor did I know much about
it. However, last November I meat my girlfriend Staci aka Dimpled
Devastation who introduced me to the sport by inviting me to come and
watch there practice.  I was floored, and I thought, I want to play
this!  That old spark for skating came rushing back.  So on the way
home I had said, I wish guys could play roller derby it looks like a
lot of fun, and of course Staci laughed and let me know that everyone
can play roller derby.  I didn't know any better.  Then she said, you
should give it a try.

So January 4th, 2019 Staci, our friend Tiffany, and I all made a trip
to North Carolina to buy my first pair of skates and pads.  

<center>![](/images/posts/Derbyversary/first-skates-trip.png "Trip of my first trip to get new skates"){ width=70% }</center>

It was a gamble, because I bought a full kit before even stepping on
the rink.  But, I knew I was going to love it.  However, it turns out
I wasn't the greatest at it right off the bat.  After getting my kit,
I joined the Augusta Soul City Sirens' fresh-meat boot camp to learn
out to play. Checkout these videos from my first few weeks learning
how to skate and play derby:

Embed youtube video1

Embed youtube video2

As you can see I had and still have a lot of work to do, but I got to
work!  I started eating right, I was already vegan, but I changed it
up and started eating a whole plant-based diet.  Furthermore, I start
working out off skates.  I'm happy to report that over the last year
I've lost 110 lbs and have gotten a lot stronger and a lot faster.  

On top of that to get stronger at skating I started skating three
times a week for 1 to 2 hours.  Before the pandemic I went to practice
with the Sirens three times a week, but during the pandemic I had to
train alone, and I managed to keep up and started learning a lot of
drills.  Checkout these videos of my progress:

Embed youtube videos

Fast forward a year to the day, and Staci and I went back to North
Carolina to get my second pair of skates:

<center>
![](/images/posts/Derbyversary/second-skate-trip.png "My second trip
to get new skates") ![](/images/posts/Derbyversary/first-antiks.png "My first pair of Antik Skates"){ width=50% }
</center>

My original skates where low end, because I wasn't sure if I would
stick with it.  I put them through the ringer.  Check out these pics:

Images of old skates

I mean, I put groves in the boots from working on my edges.  The
plates now also twist and bend a lot.

After getting my new skates I have improved a lot.  Some skills I've
been struggling with have improved a lot.  I'm progressing and roller
derby has had a positive impact on my health, my mental health, and my
social life.  One day I hope to be a decent jammer.  I'm now a member
of the North Carolina Wrecking Balls.  I'm excited for my derby
future.
